scripts_for_epics
=================


1. epics_default_installation.sh

   bash epics_default_installation.sh

  * I intend to develop this script in order to reduce the painful
    copy and paste from EPICS and its extensions installation logs
    from everywhere. So only for Linux 64bit Debian for PC and 
    Rasberian for Raspberry Pi, this script works well.
    Anyway, it will reduce significantly my time for just installing
    EPICS and its extenstions.


  * Must install the following packages via root or sudo
    before running this script

    See require_packages_sh


  * EPICS Base and extensionTop
  * Extensions List
    - StripTool2_5_16_0 
    - alh1_2_34 
    - medm3_1_9 
    - probe1_1_8_0 
    - msi1-6 
    - cau_20130110 
    - dbVerbose_20130124 
    - gnuregex0_13 
    - nameserver2_0_0_12
    - gateway2_0_4_0


  * This file is automatically generated by epics_default_installation.sh and contains almost all environments for us. So simple to run source or . setEpicsEnv.sh may guide us to the easy world to configure many different EPICS versions.

     As you see, we have the following EPICS environments :

       EPICS_HOST_ARCH
       EPICS_BASE
       EPICS_EXTENSIONS

     and the Linux environments :

       PATH
       LD_LIBRARY_PATH
  
     and the finally, RAON environments :

       EPICS_PATH
       RAON_SITELIBS
       RAON_SITEAPPS



     The tricky things are $PATH, and $LD_LIBRARY_PATH. Technically, the epics_default_installation script may handle these issue well, but I cannot test them all possible cases. So please check it whether it works or not.

     FYI, vdct can be executed after sourcing setEpicsEnv.sh by simple vdct.

  * This script was completely redesigned for the RAON control team EPICS environment



2. epicsdb-mode.el


    I intend to develop this emacs mode file for EPICS db, vdb, and dbd files, because I cannot find any syntax highlighting feature in the EPICS community.

    * put this file in ```bash ${HOME}/.emacs.d/```
    * add the following lines in ```bash ${HOME}/.emacs ```
    ```lisp
       (load-file "$HOME/.emacs.d/epicsdb-mode.el")
       (require 'epicsdb-mode)
       ```


3. require_packages.sh

    This script reads two of three package list files such as package_list_wheezy, package_list_jessie, package_list_common. The distribution of Debian
    wheezy or jessie will be selected via lsb_release  command. And install all required packages for EPICS base and extensions and RAON default packages without asking questions. 



  
4. Here is the quick installation log 
```bash
user@:~$ git clone https://github.com/jeonghanlee/scripts_for_epics
user@:~$ cd scripts_for_epics/
user@:~/scripts_for_epics$ su
Password: 
root@:{HOME}/scripts_for_epics# bash require_packages.sh 
root@:{HOME}/scripts_for_epics# exit
exit
user@:~/scripts_for_epics$ bash epics_default_installation.sh 
user@:~/scripts_for_epics$ cd ../epics/
user@:~/epics$ ls
downloads  R3.14.12.4
user@:~/epics$ cd R3.14.12.4/
user@:~/epics/R3.14.12.4$ ls
base  extensions  setEpicsEnv.sh
user@:~/epics/R3.14.12.4$ . setEpicsEnv.sh 
```

  The installation log files for require_packages.sh are located in 
  /tmp/common_package_installation.log and 
  /tmp/wheezy_package_installation.log
